"A good laugh and a long sleep are the two best cures for anything." - Irish proverb
"A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort." - Herm Albright
"A smile is the light in your window that tells others that there is a caring, sharing person inside." - Denis Waitley, author
"About the only thing that comes without effort is old age." - Unknown
"An inconvenience is only an adventure wrongly considered." - G. K. Chesterton
"And it is still true, no matter how old you are, when you go out into the world it is best to hold hands and stick together." - Robert Fulghum, author
"Be determined to handle any challenge in a way that will make you grow." - Les Brown
"Be helpful. When you see a person without a smile, give them yours." - Zig Ziglar
"Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage." - Lao Tzu, philosopher
"Better a diamond with a flaw than a pebble without one." - Chinese Proverb
"Care is a state in which something does matter; it is the source of human tenderness." - Rollo May, psychologist
"Caregivers attract caregivers and live in a community of love. They are energized by their caring, fulfilled, and they love life." - Gary Zukav, author
"Caregiving is a constant learning experience." - Vivian Frazier
"Caregiving leaves its mark on us. No matter what we do to prepare ourselves, the hole left behind looms large." - Dale L. Baker
"Caregiving often calls us to lean into love we didn't know possible." - Tia Walker
"Caring about others, running the risk of feeling, and leaving an impact on people, brings happiness." - Harold Kushner, Rabbi
"Caring for our seniors is perhaps the greatest responsibility we have. Those who walked before us have given so much and made possible the life we all enjoy." - Senator John Hoeven
"Certain defects are necessary for the existence of individuality." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"Compassion automatically invites you to relate with people because you no longer regard people as a drain on your energy." - Chogyam Trungpa
"Compassion brings us to a stop, and for a moment we rise above ourselves." - Mason Cooley
"Conceal a flaw and the world will imagine the worst." - Marcus Valerius Martialis
"Determination that just won't quit - that's what it takes." - A. J. Foyt
"Doctors diagnose, nurses heal, and caregivers make sense of it all." - Brett H. Lewis
"Don't judge people. You never know what kind of battle they are fighting." - Unknown
"During the 24/7 grind of being a carer, it's all too easy to forget the fact that the person you're doing so much for is, and is obliged to be, more resourceful than you in many respects." - Naoki Higashida
"Faith has to do with things that are not seen and hope with things that are not at hand." - Saint Thomas Aquinas
"Family is not an important thing. It's everything." - Michael J. Fox, actor
"Family is the most important thing in the world." - Princess Diana
"Forgiveness is not a one-time-only event. It is a process." - Rhonda Britten
"Forgiveness is not an occasional act; it is a constant attitude." - Martin Luther King Jr.
"God gave burdens, but he also gave shoulders." - Yiddish Proverb
"Happiness is an attitude. We either make ourselves miserable or happy and strong. The amount of work is the same." - Francesca Reigler
"If you can't change your fate, change your attitude." - Amy Tan
"If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion." - Dalai Lama
"If you wish to travel far and fast, travel light. Take off all your envies, jealousies, un-forgiveness, selfishness and fears." - Glenn Clark
"Impossible situations can become possible miracles." - Robert H. Schuller
"It is not how much you do, but how much love you put in the doing." - Mother Teresa
"It is not the load that breaks you down. It's the way you carry it." - Lena Horne, singer
"It isn't what we say or think that defines us, but what we do." - Jane Austen
"Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless." - Saint Teresa
"Kindness can transform someone's dark moment with a blaze of light. You'll never know how much your caring matters. Make a difference for another today." - Amy Leigh Mercree, author
"Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you; they're supposed to help you discover who you are." - Bernice Johnson Reagon
"Love seeks one thing only: the good of the one loved. It leaves all the other secondary effects to take care of themselves. Love, therefore, is its own reward." - Thomas Merton, Trappist monk
"Mountains cannot be surmounted except by winding paths." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"My caregiver mantra is to remember: the only control you have is over the changes you choose to make." - Nancy L. Kriseman
"Never believe that a few caring people can't change the world. For, indeed, that's all who ever have." - Margaret Mead, anthropologist
"Never underestimate your problem or your ability to deal with it." - Robert H. Schuller
"No matter what you've done for yourself or for humanity, if you can't look back on having given love and attention to your own family, what have you really accomplished?" - Lee Iacocca, businessman
"Offering care means being a companion, not a superior. It doesn't matter whether the person we are caring for is experiencing cancer, the flu, dementia, or grief. If you are a doctor or surgeon, your expertise and knowledge comes from a superior position. But when our role is to be providers of care, we should be there as equals." - Judy Cornish
"One person caring about another represents life's greatest value." - Jim Rohn, author
"People who fight fire with fire usually end up with ashes." - Abigail Van Buren
"Physical strength is measured by what we can carry; spiritual by what we can bear." - Unknown
"Put one foot in front of the other, no matter what." - Eleanor Brownn
"Relationships based on obligation lack dignity." - Wayne Dyer, motivational speaker and author
"Some days there won't be a song in your heart. Sing anyway." - Emory Austin
"Sometimes asking for help is the most meaningful example of self-reliance." - from poem "Sometimes" by U.S. Senator Cory Booker
"Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live." - Jim Rohn, author and motivational speaker
"The beginning of anxiety is the end of faith, and the beginning of true faith is the end of anxiety." - George E. Mueller
"The closest thing to being cared for is to care for someone else." - Carson McCullers, The Square Root of Wonderful
"The day the roles reverse is foreign. It's a clumsy dance of love and responsibility, not wanting to cross any lines of respect. It's honoring this person who gave their life to you, not to mention literally gave you life, and taking their fragile body in your hands like a newborn, tending to their every need." - Lisa Goich-Andreadis
"The disease might hide the person underneath, but there's still a person in there who needs your love and attention." - Jamie Calandriello
"The greatest discovery of my generation is that man can alter his life simply by altering his attitude." - James Truslow Adams
"The simple act of caring is heroic." - Edward Albert, actor